Updating the node operator setup guide (#651)
onflow/docs: docs/networks/node-ops/node-operation/node-bootstrap.md

  "Role": "consensus",
  "Address": "consensus-001.nodes.flow.com:3569",
  "NodeID": "39fa54984b8eaa463e129919464f61c8cec3a4389478df79c44eb9bfbf30799a",

>   "Weight": 0,

Reviewer: Correct, it doesn't matter. The weight is determined during the staking process later on. The weight value generated in this step isn't used.

>   "Weight": 0,

Author: ty!

### Push transit keys (consensus node only)

If you are running a consensus node, run the following command to generate the transit keys.

```shell transit
$ ./boot-tools/transit prepare -b ./bootstrap -r consensus
<nil> INF running prepare
<nil> INF generating key pair
<nil> INF completed preparation role=consensus
```

This will generate the public and private transit keys under the bootstrap folder.
The transit keys are used to transfer the DKG keys after a network upgrade.

> Please share with the FlowFoundation the **public** transit key via email or discord.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please share the **public** transit key with the Flow Foundation via email or discord.
```
Adjusted for wording. Can we provide links for email and discord here?

Author: added link to discord and the email address.
